The Qi family doesn't take my Li family seriously
How dare you attack my Li family's son-in-law
Allure!
You and Xiao Song go out for a while
Dad, what did you say?
Hu Shaofei, the richest man in the building
It will come to Jiangzhou next week.
Qi Guangjin has known him for a long time in the imperial capital
I'm afraid Dad Gu Shaofei is the richest man in the building
It is impossible to embarrass our history group for no reason
Gu Shaofei naturally would not do such a tasteless thing
Time wisdom
Once next week
He was at the greeting.
Win the cooperation with the Gu family in the imperial capital
He will definitely marry you by force
Dad, I don't trust Qi Guangji's stubborn son
Will be invaded by the Gu family
Lu Shaofei loves the imperial history
And the Qi family happened to be in the royal business
Just do what you want
It's easy to win cooperation.
Exactly three more days.
Southern Jade Association
A master conference will be held in Jiangzhou
The washing machine will definitely go by then.
By that time
It's troublesome
Jade Conference
The best piece of the world at this conference
I still remember what that rough stone looked like
Grandpa Li's father can help history get through this difficult time
What did the little fish say?
Dad, don't you know jade too?
Xiao Song, do you still know jade?
When I was in college
There was a jade appreciation class.
Shake some fur and get a certificate
Just a little understanding?
Take the little fish with you then.
The first few key moments
It was the little fish who prompted me.
Maybe the little fish will really bring me good luck
Anyway.
It's not in my character to sit still
Uncle Li, I want to try it.
So ambitious
Like you said, we can't just sit back and wait
So all the expenses at the jade conference
All are the sole responsibility of the History Group
You let go